as the movie begins we are shown the
depths of the sea where the earth gases
are being released
in the next scene we are shown a young
couple
the girl's name is emily and the boy's
name is randall
they have come to randall's parents
beach cottage to spend their vacations
there are also many houses near this
house but these are all empty
because these all were vacation houses
just like emily and randall came here
in the same way the rest of the people
will come to these houses
and when many people come to the same
place that place would look like a town
but now emily and randall were alone
there
and then emily goes to the washroom
she notices that the water there is not
like natural water but it's different
she also feels this thing strange that a
cabin was full of medicines there
this thing was so weird because that
house was empty since ages
no one lived there
then she goes to the kitchen
seeing its condition she gets shocked
because it seemed that someone is living
here
when emily is checking out the whole
house suddenly a lady runs into her
house
emily gets scared and hide
emily secretly watches them and goes
upstairs to call randall but that lady
goes away after hearing her step sound
before randall could reach there she
disappeared
they checked the whole house
they see that that lady has hidden there
randall asks what she's doing in their
house
on which that lady expresses that it's
her house
her husband also arrives there
and here it turns out that their name is
mitch and jane
they are very old friends of randall's
father
he tells randall that we are living here
by the will of his father
she becomes very upset to hear that her
vacation has been ruined
she says they will both rent a room and
he invites them both to dinner at their
own house
randall doesn't mind but emily doesn't
look happy
she goes outside and sits down then she
sees a slug who seems so lazy
it looked like it had a disease
then at night they all have dinner and
at dinner
there are oysters also that jane brought
everyone eats oysters except emily
emily tells them that she's interested
in studying astrobiology
she tells that life is so unwell and we
have a deep combination with element
rights
it includes temperature and distance
from the sun
if anything moves from its place humans
will vanish
we will vanish and this earth will only
be left with dust and gases
they don't understand emily but still
they are enjoying her talks because they
like it
meanwhile their drink ends too
randall offers them arowana fish eating
it they become full
mitch notices that the texture of the
water is strange too
but he ignores this
then these people are standing in a
gallery and notices something really
strange
many microbes are floating in the air
in fact they are in water and it was
strange to see them in the air
jane insists to watch them by going near
so mitch permits her
she notices that microbes are frozen
everywhere and she touches them
as she touches them she starts coughing
this didn't happen to her because of
microbes
there was fog and it was difficult for
her to breathe
she gets faint
even after a long time when jane does
not return mitch goes to find her
on the other hand randall is unaware of
everything under the effect of alcohol
emily sees fogg entering the house
she closes the door but also falls a
prey to this fog
she gets faint too
emily wakes up in the middle of the
night and she sees that jane is coughing
she goes to her room to see her
when mitch sees her he closes and locks
the door
emily and randall both go to their room
to sleep
when they both wake up in the morning
they feel severe headaches
they decide to go to the beach
when they come down to set out they see
jane who was sitting quietly
she wasn't answering them
when emily goes close to her she sees
that she has finished her all medicines
she gets closer and sees that her skin
is peeling off they both go outside to
find mitch
while finding him they sit near the
beach
there randall feels unwell and he rushes
toward his room
in a hurry he forgets his cell phone and
keys there
as soon as randall leaves mitch also
reaches there
he knows everything about jane's present
condition
on the other hand randall notices that
the texture color and smell of the water
was totally changed
he ignores this and he starts going to
emily again
suddenly he hears a voice from the roof
randall thinks that mitch is there
he goes upside to find him
but mitch was with emily
he tells her that this place is strange
then he goes swimming
after going some forward in the sea he
disappears
emily runs forward
his foot lands on a jellyfish it bites
emily
emily sees that a worm is moving in her
wound
when she looks around she sees that the
same jellyfish is spread around the sea
she rushes home and pulls out this
insect with an instrument
then she notices that it isn't a worm
but a tentacle of that jellyfish
which has turned into a worm after being
mutant
after that she bandages her feet
she changes her clothes and tries to
escape from there
only then randall comes to her by
crawling
she sees that her condition has become
worse too
jane did this to him who was not a human
anymore but a zombie now
they try to escape from jane but she
doesn't let them go at any cost
they go to a nearby house for help but
they don't get any response
emily asks randall that how did jane did
this to him but he didn't remember
anything
they didn't have keys to escape because
they left these on the beach
then they notice a crawling man like
jade who was coming closer to them
they run from there
night falls and fog too
they continuously walk on a road and
randall's condition worsens
then emily finds a police car with
having a radio
she seeks help by conveying her message
through it
she gets a reply too
someone says that it is extremely
dangerous
on which she asks that are you talking
about fob
he replies with no it isn't fog
and their connection disconnects
she hides in a house to save herself
from the fog emily notices that the
water isn't the same as before
it was completely changed
on a tv they get to know that this isn't
happening to only them but it is
happening in the whole country
microbes are the cause of this all
these microbes are present underwater
but these have come to its surface due
to immense heat on earth and are
releasing in a large number
these are killing humans current life
form and generating a new life form
their purpose is to kill humans
emily finds car keys because they had to
run from there
she goes to a basement where she finds
oxygen cylinders
with the help of these cylinders she
could get rid of this fog
but now it was too late
randall vomits and a strange creature
comes out
he also becomes a zombie gradually
in the basement emily sees an extreme
mutant man
he was eating the other man too
emily picks up this cylinder immediately
and runs towards the top
she sees that randall is also totally
changed
she had no other choice to save her life
so she crushes randall with the cylinder
and kills him
meanwhile she finds the keys too
she rushes towards her car but there was
so dust and fog
she couldn't see anything but moves
forward by the estimate
suddenly emily's car hits a tree
here we notice that some symptoms of
that creature could be seen in emily too
then we are shown the next morning and
emily is on the beach
she was fully infected
she kept saying don't be afraid
suddenly a huge wave of water comes and
takes her with it
in fact in the movie emily's predictions
what she made proved right
that if these rights fluctuated will
vanish
one day this will happen and this
happened because of the immense heat on
the earth
there were many microbes in the rocks
and the depth of the sea that spread on
the sea and was spreading devastation
the movie ends here